[CouchDB] Enable secrets to mask username and password (#10087)
elastic/integrations: packages/couchdb/_dev/build/docs/README.md

Example Host Configuration: `http://admin:changeme@localhost:5984`

> > Note: To mask the password shown in the Hosts connection string, remove the username and password from the string, and configure the Hosts to only include the host address(`localhost:5984` in the example) and any additional parameters required for the connection. Subsquently, use the `username` and `password` fields under advanced options to configure them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: To mask the password in the Hosts connection string, remove the username and password from the string. Then, set up the Hosts field with only the host address (`localhost:5984` in the example) and any additional connection parameters. Finally, use the username and password fields under advanced options for configuration.
```
